dataflow: Update taint-mode docs with field sensitivity (#773)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/data-flow/taint-mode.md

[Metavariables](../../pattern-syntax/#metavariables) used in `pattern-sources` are considered _different_ from those used in `pattern-sinks`, even if they have the same name! See [Metavariables, rule message, and unification](#metavariables-rule-message-and-unification) for further details.
:::

> Field sensitivity
> -----------------
> 
> The taint engine has basic support for field sensitivity:
> 
> - It can track `x.a.b` as tainted, while `x` and `x.a` as not tainted. If `x.a.b` is tainted, any extension of `x.a.b` (such as `x.a.b.c`) will also be considered tainted.
> - If `x.a` is tainted, and later `x.a.b` is sanitized, the engine knows that `x.a.b` is not tainted but `x.a` or `x.a.c` are still tainted.
> - Taint tracking is _NOT_ index sensitive, if `x.a[i]` gets tainted, we consider `x.a` itself to be tainted. Crucially, if `x.a[i]` is sanitized, then `x.a` also gets sanitized.
> 
> Note that we track taint _per variable_ and not _per object in memory_, there is no alias analysis.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field sensitivity
-----------------

The taint engine provides basic field sensitivity support:

- Track `x.a.b` as tainted, while you can specify that `x` and `x.a` are not tainted. If `x.a.b` is tainted, any extension of `x.a.b` (such as `x.a.b.c`) is also considered tainted.
- If `x.a` is tainted, and later `x.a.b` is sanitized, the engine detects that `x.a.b` is not tainted but `x.a` or `x.a.c` are still tainted.
- Taint tracking is **not** index sensitive, if `x.a[i]` is tainted, Semgrep considers `x.a` itself also as tainted. However, if `x.a[i]` is sanitized, then `x.a` is also sanitized.

:::note
The taint engine does not track taint **per variable** and not **per object in memory**, there is no alias analysis.
:::
```
